complete:
title of app: banana.pots (in italic) pro-vip-delux edition ("vip" in bold)
App is using google's nano banana pro (gemini-3-pro-image-preview) API. example of API call is presented in "google api snippet.ts"
UI of the app is shown in "UI reference.png" file.
the main feature is to have all generation info (used reference files names, prompt, resolution and aspect ratio) saved into metadata of generated image. later that image could be loaded to load (all used data for it generation) in form fields.
reference images box works with drag-and-drop.
restore context box wors with drag-and-drop.
api key is saved in .env file. you should create env file with empty api key variable
all uploaded images in "reference images" should be saved into /input folder with md5 hash in their name. check if they are already saved and do not overwrite existing image.
hashes of userd reference images are saved in generated image metadata
when user restores context then app should load "reference images" from /input folder
generated images with injected metadata should be saved in /output with a timestamp in name
after generation should be shown a download button between image and logs
while hovering over reference image, this image should get lightly shadowed with X mark in center
reference images should drop inside "add box" and "add" text should disappear. if all images are removed this text comes back
input and output folders for images should be relative to app and not hardcoded
library of generated images on right part of the window. library is vertical list of tiny images that are lying in /output. library is vertically scrollable with mouse wheel
click on image of library loads generation context of that image and puts image into generated image box
library is updated when new images are generated
above "generated image box" a button to reset all generation context on window form
when hovering on image in library image is slightly shadowed. shadow is split into 2 zones: top and bottom. when howering a zone it becomes darker and shows text (only while hover). top zone text "reference" and clicking it puts this image into reference images box and saves it to /input folder with mb5 hash name. bottom zone has text "context" and works as current on-click function of restoring context from this image.
Images in library are resized keeping their aspect ratio
remove stock menubar. replace it with same style bar as app: left part - app title, right part - minimize, window size and close buttons
image library needs vertical scroll. scroll bar is hidden. library title has a counter of images it contains. counter updates when generated image is saved to library
images in library should have fixed height and not shrink when there is a lot of images.
library keeps trying to fit all images at once. there should be shown only fitting amount of images and others should be accessible through scrolling
remove flex-box capabilities from #library-list element
add a 2 white bars at start and end of images in library indicating that user scrolled through until end/start.
add a counter for each image in library in top right corner of image
a copy of library to left part of the screen. it should show images from /input folder
left library has title "Inputs". right library has title "Outputs"
images on left library has no zones of shadows, just plain shadow without text. clicking on it will add this image to reference box
clicking on any image in libraries to add it to references while it is there already should instead remove it from reference box
remove all text from box for viewing generated image
option to send multiple requests at the same time. under "generate button" show a live list of requests: pending, executed, failed; ordered by new from above. add icon for each type. list is scrollable without scroll menu. when request is completed save generated image with metadata in the background task. clicking on request should restore its context and show generated picture if it was succeded, in case of pending show loading ring animation on box of generated image. in case of failed request show error info in box for generated images.
remove undo prompt augment with aspect ratio. ratio is send in separate field because model supports it.
remove "download image" button completely.
check "google api snippet.ts" for how contents object is formed and update code to match its structure
in case of "No image data received from API" error look for text output in response chunks and log them to console
add gear icon button to top menu to left of hide/minimize/close panel buttons. on click open overlay windows with settings (1. text input for new API key (empty field). 2. checkbox "debug mode". 3. save button.). include X button in top right of overlay to close overlay without saving (no confirm prompt).
when saving settings check for new API key. if present update .env file. "debug mode" checkbox should be saved and shows as it configured now.
disable all logging to dev console and terminal window if debug not is not enabled. (does not affect "request logs" window)
when hovering over any image in input folder, output folder or reference images show an overlay next to it with this image in larger size. keep its aspect ratio
when hovering over images appearing overlay should be sticking to its small image, not a users mouse.
when hovering over image there is container for overlay image. this container is square shaped and images with aspect ratio different from 1:1 are "getting out"

Projects Library:
1. on UI to the left of "inputs" library add new library "Projects"
2. to the right of title add "+" button
3. after clicking "+" button an overlay window appears with form:
3.1. input field "title"
3.2. empty image with same size of input/output of images in existing libraries
3.3. 3x9 scrollable image select with all images from input library. selecting image will change empty image from 3.2 to selected one
3.4. save button. it saves info about title and selected preview image for library. all projects (for now is just title and used image name) info and used image itself is saved into projects.json in /projects folder. creates a folders with its title in /input and /output folders
4. projects library shows its preview image with its title on top of image in center
5. clicking on project in library switches content of input/output libraries:
5.1. input images are now shown from /input/*project_name*. all new inputs are saved in /input/*project_name*/
5.2. output images are now shown from /output/*project_name*. all new generations are saved in /output/*project_name*/

add delete function for inputs and outputs. trigger that function when user clicks red X button in top right corner of input or output image
remove confirmation dialog from delete function

new feature - conveyor generation:
0. generates image one by one (awaits previous generation before executing new one). it has general prompt with reference images and a list of images. this function iterates on images in list - adds them to list of general reference images and generates new image.
0.1. only one conveyor can be run at time, but multiple of them can be queued.
0.2. conveyor does not interact with basic UI elements on screen, it works under the hood.
0.3. conveyor does not prevent basic generation method.
1. add a new box under request logs UI element. it shows cropped prompt (if needed), live counter of generated and total images in conveyor (5/12) and X button to stop and delete conveyor.
2. hovering over conveyor box shows:
2.1 an overlay window (#1, to the right) with: 1. full general prompt, 2. previews of used general reference images, 3. list of conveyor preview images.
2.2. another overlay window (#2, above) shows queue of next conveyors showing same type of conveyor preview (cropped prompt and live counter), hovering over queued conveyor shows overlay #1 with info about currently hovered conveyor.
3. to the right of conveyor preview box there is + button that will open new overlay window "Conveyor generation"
3.1. horizontal library of input and output images together with image previews of current project.
3.1.1. images in library has 2 click zones: "general" and "conveyor".
3.2. input textarea for general prompt
3.3. box with previews of general reference images
3.4. box with previews of conveyor images
3.5. "Execute" button. it will close overlay and add new conveyor to queue if any conveyor is running or will start executing it now
4. generated images should be saved in same way as old method - in output folder of project with injected metadata (promp and list of reference images (simplified used general and conveyor images))